The NoteSquad: Deployment, Structure, Testing, and Existing Credentials 

Deployment 

To run the NoteSquad app.. 
Navigate to the Notesquad_FinalDraft folder in the All project code-components folder.
Type the command docker-compose up in your terminal 
It’s ready to use when the terminal input says  ...                         [nodemon] starting `node server.js`
web_1  | http://localhost:3000
web_1  | Seems all green!!
To access the login page type  localhost:3000/  into your preferred browser 
All pages should be accessible from the login. 

Testing 

Initial Login and Registration: From the login page, Dont have an account? Click here to sign up! should take you to the registration page. The registration page has 7 fields you should have to fill out before the Submit button is enabled: 

Username, Name, Email, University, Password, Confirm Password, Account Type     

There are indicators at the bottom of the page that should be red when the page loads. They check if your password has  

A lowercase letter
A capital (uppercase) letter
A number
Minimum 8 characters
Password and Confirm Password Match
Special Character
    They should turn green when when all the conditions are met
User Profiles: Once you have satisfied all the conditions hit submit you should be able to see your user profile. Your information from the registration page should be visible in the Profile Info card at the edge of the screen. The Tour button should produce a small grey box above all the main features explaining what they do. You can end the tour at any time by pressing End Tour. You can edit the Name, Email, and University sections of your Profile Info section by clicking Edit Profile. It’s best to fill out all the the fields, even if you fill some of them in with the same information, because if you only fill in one field and leave the others blank (unless that field was Name) Name will be changed to “undefined”. This can be easily fixed by pressing Edit Profile again and changing the Name field. 
Uploading and Reporting Documents: To upload a document press the Upload File button in the PDF upload block below Profile info. Enter your major and the Course ID. You can use only upper and lowercase letters and numbers. The Course ID cannot be more than 8 characters. If you try to upload a document other than a PDF, you should be redirected to a page that says The file must be a PDF! To return to your user profile simply hit the back button. You can view, download, and print your PDF with the Preview/Download button. To report it, click Report. After reporting a PDF, your page should refresh and the reported PDF should be removed. 
Search: You can search for notes via the search bar, by typing either the major (i.e. Computer Science, Math, Biology, etc.) or the course code (i.e. CSCI3308, MATH2033, etc.). You can use spaces. The search bar is not case sensitive. Once you hit search you should be directed to another page with the search results. If there are no search results, you should still be redirected, the page will simply not contain any notes. To save the notes, click Save. That should automatically redirect you to your profile. If you don’t want to save any notes, the Home button on the Navbar should bring you back to your profile if you’re still signed in. If you are not signed in it takes you to the Login page. 
Admin Profile: The login credentials for the admin profile are: admin@email.com  password: admin1password  Once logged in, you should be able to see all the reported notes in the Reported Notes section. You can still preview the notes if you’d like to look at them yourself, or you can delete them by clicking Delete. Once they are deleted from the admin page, they should also be deleted from every user profile. 
Logging in and out, and About: To log out of any profile, click Logout on the Navbar. You can log back in with the correct email and password. If you provide incorrect login information, red text should appear just above the NoteSquad copyright saying ‘Invalid Credentials’ . The About button on the navbar should redirect you to a page with the NoteSquad product description and Application Architecture Overview. 
  
Users Included in the Database: 

Admin: admin@email.com     password: admin1password

User1: user1@email.com      password: user1password
User2: user2@email.com      password: user2password
User3: user3@email.com      password: user3password

